# Reflection on 2024 #
- Realized that I need to work on things that I care about or else I won't do the work.
- No more being around friends that I don't respect.
- Alot better mentally and physically than a year ago. 
 - Not smoking weed anymore
 - Done hating myself 
 - No more being confused about what I want to do
This past year I was really confused and broken with what I was spending my time doing and that made me very "paused" where I was doing something I didn't believe in but I was too scared for it too end. 
After this period, I also had to overcome laziness and inaction. 
I like myself waayyy more and realized a big problem I had was mental self-harm. 
Also realized that I enjoy alot of my emotions, for example getting angry about things because I'm passionate, not liking some people, being open to everybody.
Mostly this past year I've come to love myself way more and realized the toxicity of other people influencing me. 
The first 5 months I was pretty static and was looking to leave my job. The following 3 months I also didn't do much. But the following month was really fun and I went on a long bike ride and did alot of stuff.
And the following 2 months was rough because I didn't want to do anything again, but this time it also felt like recovering from weed dependence as well. This past month has been really enjoyable, especially this past week where i've become more resolute on CIA

### Reflecting on Goals for 2024
- SDE2 promotion
 - I wasn't prepared at all for the promotion and really wasn't genuinely interested in the work or the responsibilities involved. I personally didn't think that I was an engineer at that level and I didn't feel confident in my abilities if I stayed at Amazon. Even though this goal wasn't a success, today I feel like a better engineer than I was last year, and even better than I was at Amazon, with goals and passion. 

- Health
 - I wanted to be be running marathons, be a pro at calisthenics, and be a god at volleyball. I didn't achieve that but I'm eating better than ever, and most importantly I worked on my mental health which has been a consistent weakness for a few years. I'm intent on bringing the intended level of fitness today and tomorrow into next year and without the mentality to do it it wouldn never happen. 

- Travel
 - I was bit by the travel bug through Youtube videos and stuff, even though I personally don't really care about traveling, I think that I should venture out and experience the world. I'm not so sure anymore. I think that alot of those feelings about going out - I don't think I would find myself out there. At least I would want to go and experience some different cultures, and food, and enjoy the weather and volleyball, and biking...but I can do that here too. I don't think I'll be doing much traveling in the near future. BUT that's not to say I didn't travel, I went to Canada, explored Seattle, drove across the country, went to Florida, Arizona, Turkey, Germany, Indiana, and other places. In fact that was alot of travel. I'm glad that this year I learned how to travel without breaking the bank. 

- Youtube
 - This was the goal that I'm not satisfied. The one thing I did good was creating some Youtube channels and recording my singing. But I'm still not confident in my skills and the worst part is that I'm not practicing. So next year I need to practice consistently and also be true to publishing stuff.

- Language
 - Similar to the above, I'm not at all satisfied with this goal, but I'm also not sad about it. I"m not sad about these things because I know they're not my strengths and more like side quests. I see them now more as puzzles and consistent practice. They're different types of effort. Next year I want to practice consistently and then travel abroad. 


# Goals for 2025 #
- Grow CIA to 4 employees and 1000 active monthly users.
- Release 12 CIA projects, one being research paper
- Making singing videos weekly
- Leader in the 3DG field
- Go on 3 bike trips
- Run a marathon
- Become confident in volleyball
- Lose 50 lbs
- Get a GF
- Travel by visiting friends
- Fluent in Chinese, Italian, and Spanish

# How to 2025 by the week #
- Singing 1 Sunday
- language 1 Monday
- AI company 3 Friday, Saturday, Tuesday
- Travel Youtube 1 Wednesday
- Health 1 Thursday or Saturday

# Themes for 2025 #
- Small step is better than nothing
- Focus on what you want to do with no regrets
- Consistency makes the man
- Do it while tired
